it is convenient that I'm doing a Taco
Bell food review and I'm gonna talk
about commercial but it is what it is
because this particular food of you can
still get a two if they ain't do a
proper baby talk about those hard get
down to keep it 100% funky but they
still reached out to your boiling like
Dame who want to be able to rock with
some of your footage you've been doing
you one two thing in this fool game we
want to slide you into a commercial
what's up
I said who's son this said okay I said
hollow and now I'm in the commercial so
be sure to check that out if you haven't
seen it already don't worry you will
it's going down I didn't even see it yet
talk about what's up y'all gonna send
your boy a link I don't know but let's
get into the food of you Oh YouTube
Facebook Twitter she made me a dame
drops back in with another super food if
you can't dig it baby I'd let you kid
hey listen man I John so for 579 you can
slide to your local Taco Bell and get
down with the new steak double Z and
that's like the quesadilla doubled up
you know I'm saying that's like when you
want to double down when you're sitting
there playing a game of blackjack at the
casino you're feeling yourself you're
feeling like you about to win what I
hope I win with my steak double D
alright y'all so we have the official
Taco Bell super box
you know Taco Bell likes to get down
with the get-down they put everything up
in some little nice Christmas wrapping
now you got your salsa and you have your
chips laying down on the side if you
need that chip action I'll need the chip
action I want this this double zero
right here whoo let me get up in there
okay you see the official meat packaging
right now this is when you go to the
butcher and I yell let me get some of
them pork loins B you'll chop up some of
those beef tips for me baby let me get
some that yak fat back you know I'm
saying like this is pure deli wrapper
right here that tortilla shell right
there you see is grilled real tight
uh-huh I playing no games playing no
games cheddar cheese
some mozzarella I want to flip one of
these bad boys open though so you can
see the meat game cuz you see how bumpy
and lumpy it is let me turn it so you
can see the bumps and the lumps on this
one all right you see the bumps in the
lumps it's all bumpity all over
that's that steak alright that's at
stake trying to bust off the situation
come on come on stop fighting stop
fighting me just open just open yo is
that steak still cooking within the
quesadilla right now did you see a
bubble did you see the juices on the
steak bubble I did oh look at that look
look you better stop playing
look at those cheese strings right there
makes me think I'm at the playground all
these swings right now I just want to
get on a swing hey you feel me oh my
let's go baby this is the dista full
effect right now am I trying to lean it
a little bit for you guys I just want to
see what one does in the state game you
take that first hit the white crisp of
the grill taco shell Oh stupendous but
then you get a little bit of that cheese
and then it becomes a lot of the cheese
to the part where the choo-choo is in
full of thinking it is mozzarella and
cheddar and I think it's for the better
I think it's so high it doesn't need a
sweater oh shoot taco building that
spicy sauce oh oh
so I crushed peppers a little bit of
jalapeno a little bit of mayo some honey
mustard I don't know what's in the spicy
sauce but it's a lot going on and I like
you mmm mmm Taco Bell I had to give her
a real quick what I stake like that down
that steak was tender juicy succulent
and divine and you put so much steak up
in you did not waste my time a little
bit of that salt a little bit of that
pepper I can taste the Sun I can taste
the pepper but I think you don't put in
some tenderizing did you use tenderizer
on this
steak I don't know what it was but that
steak was talking to my soul the spicy
sauce is doing this dang thing cuz my
lips are tingling um yeah we must have
doubled up in that spicy sauce when we
doubled up on the steak Taco Bell
if by now you do not know what I'm gonna
rate this video you're gonna turn the
video off right now that means you have
not been paying attention to all of
these food reviews I'm chilling right
now when there's certain flavors that
attack my tastebuds
have me feeling and looking a certain
type of way have me almost finishing the
meal oh my goodness that didn't just
happen to me did it this dang thing is
grow so tough it had grilled cheese
breath
I'm the pre bite the pre bite looks like
this ah that right there is when you
have your tongue on something but you
didn't sink your teeth into you that is
the pre bite there is breath that is
happening those are the flavors rushing
into your mouth attacking all of your
senses at once just put your tongue on
it and have your teeth over it and just
let the pre bite happy just Shh let the
pre bite happen
oh oh that's grilled cheese everything's
not a banger with Taco Bell they
appreciate that they know I keep a 100%
funky I don't love everything on Taco
Bell's menu it just happens that way
I don't sometimes I get a two and a half
sometimes they get a three but then
sometimes they beat me in the head with
a steak double deer a banger on the menu
that gets a 5 or a son I know you guys
are probably wondering game where's your
fitness video where's your daily fitness
video on my other Fitness channel you
will find my fitness video for today so
go ahead click the picture right here -
don't quit picture or in the description
box below just subscribe to my new
fitness channel because that's where the
fitness stuff is going to be hey guys if
you enjoyed this video hit it with a
thumbs up but if you have the video hit
it with a thumbs down boom boom boom cuz
you know how we get down every Monday
Wednesday Friday Oh Monday Wednesday
Friday Oh Monday Wednesday Friday Oh
more and more and more so
Oh photo fish can't pick a baby I love
you kid hey listen man
hey guys on thank you for rocking out
with me while these super official food
reviews if you're new to the foodie fan
be sure to subscribe button over here at
the top and check out my fitness channel
to the right and to the left of me
because you know I get and I keep some
popping on my fitness channel every
single day Monday through Saturday
unless I'm not around
so ah you know what it is click to
subscribe check these videos out and
I'll see you on Friday
ooh